Human Resource Management System (HR SOFTWARE)
http://datasoft-bd.com/smart-hrm/
https://www.workspaceit.com/hr-software/
https://www.bdtask.com/hrms-software.php

Payroll Management System
http://datasoft-bd.com/smart-payroll/

HR & PAYROLL SOFTWARE
http://systechpayroll.com/
http://www.hrmsoftwarebd.com/
https://www.zaman-it.com/hr-software/

 Employees benefit package Management System
 http://datasoft-bd.com/smart-benefit/
 
 Assets Management System
 http://datasoft-bd.com/smart-asset/
 
 Customer relationship management (CRM) System
 https://systechdigital.com/services/index/crm
 https://www.zaman-it.com/lead-management-software/
 
 E-Commerce Management System
 https://systechdigital.com/services/index/e-commerce
 https://www.workspaceit.com/ecommerce/
 https://www.bdtask.com/multi-store-ecommerce-shopping-cart-software/
 
 eCommerce marketplace with multiple vendors
 https://www.bdtask.com/multivendor-marketplace-platform.php
 
  e-commerce web portal that facilitates MFI beneficiaries
  http://datasoft-bd.com/e-micromela/
 
 HOSPITAL MANAGEMENT SOLUTION
https://egeneration.co/hospital-management-solution/
https://www.zaman-it.com/hospital-management-system/
https://www.workspaceit.com/hospital-management/
https://staritltd.com/hospital-management-software/
https://www.bdtask.com/hospital-management-software.php
https://multihospitalnew.bdtask.com/

e-library management solution
https://www.dream71.com/portfolio_page/bangladesh-institute-of-information-and-strategic-studies-biiss/

pharmacy management system
http://hrsoftbd.com/services/pharmacy-management-software
https://www.zaman-it.com/pharmacy/
https://www.bdtask.com/pharmacy-management-system.php

Real Estate Management System
http://hrsoftbd.com/services/real-estate-management-system

Accounting Software
http://hrsoftbd.com/services/best-accounting-software-in-bangladesh
http://datasoft-bd.com/smart-accounts/
https://www.zaman-it.com/accounting-software/
https://www.zaman-it.com/accounting/
https://www.workspaceit.com/accounting-software/
https://staritltd.com/accounting-management-software-in-bangladesh/

INVENTORY MANAGEMENT SYSTEM
https://www.workspaceit.com/inventory-management/
https://staritltd.com/inventory-management-software/
https://www.bdtask.com/inventory-management-system.php

Retail
https://genweb2.com/pages/retail

Garments ERP
http://soft-code.net/
https://thezoomit.com/best-erp-software-company-in-bangladesh

Freight management software or shipping management software
https://www.zaman-it.com/freight-software/

POS SOFTWARE
https://www.zaman-it.com/pos/
https://www.workspaceit.com/pos-software/
https://staritltd.com/pos-software-in-bangladesh%ef%bf%bc/
https://thezoomit.com/pos-software-company-in-bangladesh

Doctors Appointment & Prescription Management Software 
https://www.zaman-it.com/prescription-management-software/
https://gprescription.bdtask.com/login
https://doctorssnew.bdtask.com/login

Restaurant Management System
https://www.zaman-it.com/restaurant-management-system/
https://www.bdtask.com/restaurant-management-system.php

HOTEL & RESTAURANT MANAGEMENT MOBILE APP
https://www.workspaceit.com/hotel-restaurent/
https://staritltd.com/restaurant-management-software-bangladesh/

Hotel Management System & Booking Software
https://www.bdtask.com/hotel-management-system.php

School Management Software
https://www.zaman-it.com/school-management/
https://www.workspaceit.com/school-management/
https://staritltd.com/school-management-software/
https://pathshalasoft.com/

Travel Agency Software 
https://www.zaman-it.com/travel-agency-software/

STOCK MANAGEMENT SYSTEM
https://www.workspaceit.com/stock-management-system/

TRAVEL AGENCY MANAGEMENT SOFTWARE
https://www.workspaceit.com/travel-agency-management/

SPECIALIZED ERP SYSTEM
https://www.workspaceit.com/erp-system/

Courier Management Software
https://staritltd.com/courier-management-software-in-bd/

Doctor Appointment Booking Software
https://staritltd.com/best-doctor-appointment-booking-software/

Warehouse management software in Bangladesh
https://staritltd.com/warehouse-management-software-in-bangladesh/

Tax management software in Bangladesh
https://staritltd.com/tax-management-software-in-bangladesh/


Sales ERP Software
https://www.bdtask.com/sales-erp-software.php

Multi Store Management
https://multistorelease.bdtask.com/multistore_demo/login

Banking ERP Solution
https://www.bdtask.com/banking-solutions.php

Cloud Kitchen Management Software
https://www.bdtask.com/cloud-kitchen.php

Flight Booking Software
https://www.bdtask.com/flight-booking-software.php

Garage management software
https://www.bdtask.com/garage-management-software.php

Learning management system
https://www.bdtask.com/learning-management-system.php

Bus Reservation System | bus ticket reservation system
https://www.bdtask.com/bus-reservation-system.php

vehicle-management-system
https://www.bdtask.com/vehicle-management-system.php
http://datasoft-bd.com/smart-vehicle/
